Did you know you can make many
characters with just [music] one style
image? Here's how I made these side
scroller characters with Pixel Lab.
First, I used our create image medium
[music] to XL tool where I prompted a
full body male mage wearing a red cloak
and did a southeast direction, [music]
so it's not fully facing east on a 64 by
64 [music] canvas and just hit generate
and bam. Now that we have that, we can
switch [music] to the create from style
reference pro tool and just drag our
character in as a style reference.
[music] Next, we prompt something like
characters from a ninja fantasy world
with magic spells, no held items [music]
and hit generate.
Isn't that something? A full cast of
different characters ready to be
animated or added to a game.
We could also try another prompt like
[music] completely different characters
from a horror fantasy RPG.
>> [music]
>> Another one.
Another thing you can do is drag more
style images, [music] so you're not just
limited to one reference. I'll take a
couple of the generations that I already
made and I'll prompt [music] characters
from a tropical world.
Sheesh.
Now with this made, the only thing left
to do is to animate, [music] so let's do
that. I'll choose one of the characters
and I'll go to the animate with text
[music] new tool and of course it's as
easy as dragging and dropping the
character. I'll pad it a bit just so it
has room to move [music]
and I'll just type in something like he
idols [music] and hit the enhanced
prompt button. I'll do 12 frames this
time and let's [music] see what we get.
Yay!
If you want to try it out, head to
pixellab.ai
and let us know how it goes.